add docs for Finch.request/6 (#39)
keathley/finch: README.md

<!-- MDOC !-->

> An HTTP client with a focus on performance, built on top of `Mint` & `NimblePool`.

Author: @wojtekmach when I generate the docs locally, NimblePool links correctly, but Mint does not. Any idea why?

Reviewer: oh, that caught me by surprise too. The reason is there's no module `Mint`. (there's `Mint.HTTP`, etc)

Author: oh of course, that does make sense. Hm I wonder if I should link to `Mint.HTTP` or use a normal markdown link to `https://hexdocs.pm/mint` instead 🤔

Reviewer: yeah, both are fine, don't know which is more appropriate!

> An HTTP client with a focus on performance, built on top of `Mint.HTTP` & `NimblePool`.

Reviewer 2: My two cents to make things more discoverable :)

```suggestion
An HTTP client with a focus on performance, built on top of
[Mint](https://github.com/elixir-mint/mint) and [nimble_pool](https://github.com/dashbitco/nimble_pool).
```

<!-- MDOC !-->

An HTTP client with a focus on performance, built on top of

> [Mint](https://github.com/elixir-mint/mint) and [nimble_pool](https://github.com/dashbitco/nimble_pool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mint](https://github.com/elixir-mint/mint) and [NimblePool](https://github.com/dashbitco/nimble_pool).
```
